A subset $K\subseteq\mathbb{R}^d$ is *compact* if every open cover contains a finite subcover. Use this definition to prove that if $K$ is compact then $K$ is bounded and closed.

> [OFFICIAL SOLUTION](https://onq.queensu.ca/d2l/le/content/861615/viewContent/5376106/View)

**proof:**
[Heine-Borel Theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heine%E2%80%93Borel_theorem): from Wikipedia

1. **If a set is compact, it is bounded**: Let $K\subseteq\mathbb{R}^d$ be compact, and $B_{1}(x)$ be a ball of radius $1$ centred at $x\in\mathbb{R}^d$. Then the set of all such balls centred at $x\in K$ is an open cover of $K$, since $\bigcup_{x\in K}B_x$ contains all of $K$ (as proven in week 8 quiz). Since $K$ is compact, we take a finite subcover of this cover. This subcover is the finite union of balls of radius $1$. Consider all pairs of centres of these finitely many balls of radius $1$, and let $M$ be the maximum of the distances between them. Then if $C_{p}$ and $C_{q}$ are the respective centres of unit balls containing arbitrary $p,q\in K$, we use the triangle inequality as follows, and conclude that the diameter of $K$ is bounded by $M+2$: $$\rho(p,q)\le \rho(p,C_{p})+\rho(C_{p},C_{q})+\rho(C_{q},q)\le 1+M+1=M+2$$
2. **If a set is compact, it is closed**: Let $K\subseteq\mathbb{R}^d$ compact. Assume for contradiction that $K$ is not closed. Hence, there exists some $a\in K'$ such that $a\notin K$. We construct a collection $C'$ of open sets centered around a point of $K$, but avoiding $a$ by choosing them small enough. Since $K$ is compact, any open cover of $K$ should have a finite subcover. However, no finite subcollection of $C'$ can cover all of $K$, by construction. This is a contradiction, meaning that all $a\in K'$ must be in $A$, and therefore $K$ is closed.
